1. The distributed streaming applications are deployed in DSPFs running on large clusters
2. Streaming sources: heterogenity in transfer protocols, data being transferred.
3. GW - no processing or buffering is involved.
4. DSPF engine can best be depicted using this diagram.
5. The top layer defines the user APIs where a streaming application is defined as a graph. 
6. The events flow through the edges of this graph and processing happens at the nodes. 
7. The user graph is then converted to an execution graph and components based on resource scheduling, network latency, flow control.
of this are distributed to a set of workers/executors across a cluster of nodes.
8. DSPF User graph can be run on other DSPF's execution graph	

Limitations:
1. Low Power Nodes or resources constraints: Computation overhead compared to Network overhead
2. We can't run message queues because of resource constraints and here queue acts as source to streaming applications for load balancing.
3. ML code cannot be programmed in a way to take advantage of this opportunity.

Cloud-Only system:
C. High Latency network conditions, cannot afford such a high latency

Edge Computing: bring the computation closer to the device.
C: Still suffers from the same problem

Mobile-Cloud Computing: divide code into granular level and execute some of these on cloud
A: optimizes energy consumption and offload only those that are heavy since low network C: high latency 


Swing Approach:
A: Distributed framework with computing done at the local level.
D: designed for mobile, so has high resources and expects intermittent node connections whereas our camera systems are always up and connected and not that prone to failure. 


ATOS Approach: Immediate action and low latency code stubs are executed at edge. not so important on Cloud. not so important ones on local. Automated, self-organized and self-managed model called swarm computing.


Communication Technologies:
High range implies higher error rate, low power with possibly high latency networks like HaLow, Bluetooth etc.

Modern CPU Architecture:
Advancements are so good that we have 64bit and 2GB internal memory.
